[backport/release/2.10] luajit: bump new version (#9302)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-6323-fix-cur_L-on-error.md

## bugfix/luajit

> * Fixed error throwing on the non-currently exectuted coroutine (gh-6323).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an error raised on the non-currently executed coroutine (gh-6323).
```
